doc: WIP remove zigbee documentation (#20843)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/zigbee/index.rst

.. _ug_zigbee:
.. _zigbee_ncp_sample:
.. _zigbee_ug_configuration:

> .. _ug_zigbee_platform_design_ncp_details:

Author: keeping these here temporarily as they cause build errors on the nrfxlib side

Zigbee
######

Zigbee is a portable, low-power software networking protocol that provides connectivity over a mesh network based on the IEEE 802.15.4 radio protocol.
It also defines an application layer that provides interoperability among all Zigbee devices.

> Zigbee add-ons for the |NCS| provide support for developing Zigbee applications based on the third-party precompiled ZBOSS R22 and R23 stacks.

Reviewer: Should the table of the Zigbee protocols on the software maturity page be moved to the add-on documentation? - https://docs.nordicsemi.com/bundle/ncs-latest/page/nrf/releases_and_maturity/software_maturity.html#zigbee_feature_support

Author: We don't have decision on this one yet because we do, after all, keep e.g. the Sidewalk information there and it has never been a part of the NCS documentation. Given this, the decision regarding software maturity table should affect all add-ons and we'd like to keep as a separate activity, outside of this PR.

Reviewer 2: @divipillai maybe... documentation already states which SoCs are supported but maybe separate page will be good. 
@annwoj  what do you think about it?

> The nRF Connect SDK provides support for developing Zigbee applications based on the third-party precompiled ZBOSS stack.
> This stack is included as the ZBOSS Zigbee stack library in nrfxlib.
> In combination with the integrated Zephyr RTOS, Zigbee in nRF Connect SDK allows for development of low-power connected solutions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Zigbee add-ons for nRF Connect SDK provide support for developing Zigbee applications based on the third-party precompiled ZBOSS R22 and R23 stacks.
These stacks are included as the ZBOSS Zigbee stack library in Zigbee add-ons repositories.
In combination with the nRF Connect SDK, Zigbee add-ons allows for development of low-power connected solutions.
```
